README.md, before:

# yaml2workflow

[![PyPi version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/yaml2workflow.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/yaml2workflow/) [![Python 3.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-370/) ![Github Actions](https://github.com/isaac-chung/yaml2workflow/actions/workflows/run_tests.yml/badge.svg) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/isaac-chung/yaml2workflow.svg)](https://github.com/isaac-chung/yaml2workflow/blob/master/LICENSE) 

[Clarifai](https://www.clarifai.com/) workflows are powerful tools. Building them [via the API](https://docs.clarifai.com/api-guide/workflows/input_nodes) is a sure way to automate this process, especially if you have many nodes and branches.

Taking inspiration from [Kubernetes Helm Charts](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/charts/) and [AWS Cloud Formation templates](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/template-formats.html), `yaml2workflow` is designed to make automating the creation and managing the definition of workflows easier and more transparent.

## 🙌 Define Workflows as YAML files
Much clearer and more human-readable definitions without distractors. Also, by storing the workflow definitions as a file, you can now use version control for your future automations! Winning.  
```yaml
# A single node workflow
workflow:
  id: test-wf-1
  nodes:
    - id: detector
      model:
          model_id: face-detection
          model_version_id: 45fb9a671625463fa646c3523a3087d5
```

## 🚀 Installation
Simply enter
```
pip install yaml2workflow
```

## 💪 Usage
1. Create a YAML file to define your workflow. Gather the model IDs and model version IDs from [Clarifai](https://clarifai.com/explore). See [example.yml](examples/example.yml) for a full, filled in template.
2. Import the library and use it directly in your code as follows:
```python
from yaml2workflow.parser import parse

workflows = parse('example.yml')

post_workflows_response = stub.PostWorkflows(
    service_pb2.PostWorkflowsRequest(
        workflows=workflows
    ),
    metadata=metadata
)
```
See [example.py](examples/example.py) for the full example.

🎉 Done! You've now unlocked more human-readble and more maintable workflows.

Commit message:

Add Exporter (#2)
* rename example files
* exporter code
* add export example
* add constructor
* modify readme

README.md, after:

# yaml2workflow

[![PyPi version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/yaml2workflow.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/yaml2workflow/) [![Python 3.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-370/) ![Github Actions](https://github.com/isaac-chung/yaml2workflow/actions/workflows/run_tests.yml/badge.svg) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/isaac-chung/yaml2workflow.svg)](https://github.com/isaac-chung/yaml2workflow/blob/master/LICENSE) 

[Clarifai](https://www.clarifai.com/) workflows are powerful tools. Building them [via the API](https://docs.clarifai.com/api-guide/workflows/input_nodes) is a sure way to automate this process, especially if you have many nodes and branches.

Taking inspiration from [Kubernetes Helm Charts](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/charts/) and [AWS Cloud Formation templates](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/template-formats.html), `yaml2workflow` is designed to make automating the creation and managing the definition of workflows easier and more transparent.

## 🙌 Define Workflows as YAML files
Much clearer and more human-readable definitions without distractors. Also, by storing the workflow definitions as a file, you can now use version control for your future automations! Winning.  
```yaml
# A single node workflow
workflow:
  id: test-wf-1
  nodes:
    - id: detector
      model:
          model_id: face-detection
          model_version_id: 45fb9a671625463fa646c3523a3087d5
```

## 🙌 Export Workflows as YAML files
\[New!\] Export your workflows into YAML files as well. Simply pass in the workflow object from a GetWorkflow response. See[export_example.py](examples/export_example.py) for how to do that.

## 🚀 Installation
Simply enter
```
pip install yaml2workflow
```

## 💪 Usage
1. Create a YAML file to define your workflow. Gather the model IDs and model version IDs from [Clarifai](https://clarifai.com/explore). See [parse_example.yml](examples/parse_example.yml) for a full, filled in template.
2. Import the library and use it directly in your code as follows:
```python
from yaml2workflow.parser import parse

workflows = parse('example.yml')

post_workflows_response = stub.PostWorkflows(
    service_pb2.PostWorkflowsRequest(
        workflows=workflows
    ),
    metadata=metadata
)
```
See [example.py](examples/example.py) for the full example.

🎉 Done! You've now unlocked more human-readble and more maintable workflows.
